more-info pages for unsupported systems (#15229)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/more-info/unsupported/docker_configuration.markdown

---
title: "Docker Configuration"

> description: "More information on why docker configuration marks the installation as unsupported."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "More information on why Docker configuration marks the installation as unsupported."
```

---

## The issue

> The supervisor have some expectations to how the docker runtime is configured,
> this is due to stability and performance of the host running the supervisor.
> 
> The logging driver for docker needs to be set to `journald` and the storage driver
> needs to be set to `overlay2`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Supervisor has some expectations of how the Docker is configured to maintain the stability and performance of the host running the Supervisor.

The logging driver for Docker needs to be set to `journald` and the storage driver
needs to be set to `overlay2`.
```

## The solution

> If you are running an older version of our Home Assistant OS, update it the
> supervisor panel.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you are running an older version of our Home Assistant OS, update it to the latest version in the Supervisor panel.
```

> If this is not our Home Assistant OS, you need to modify the docker daemon
> configuration on the host, that configuration is located at `/etc/docker/daemon.json`
> if that file does not exist you can create it, and make sure it at least have the
> following content:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you are running Home Assistant Supervised, you need to modify the Docker daemon
configuration on the host. The configuration is located at `/etc/docker/daemon.json`.
If that file doesn't exist, you can create it and make sure it at least has the
following contents:
```

```json
{
    "log-driver": "journald",
    "storage-driver": "overlay2"
}
```

> When the file is saved you need to restart the docker service on the host.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When the Docker configuration file is changed and saved, you need to restart the Docker service on the host machine.
```

---
title: "Docker Configuration"
description: "More information on why Docker configuration marks the installation as unsupported."
---

## The issue

> The Supervisor has some expectations of how the Docker is configured to maintain the stability and performance of the host running the Supervisor.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The Supervisor has some expectations of how Docker is configured to maintain the stability and performance of the host running the Supervisor.
```

Author: The Docker daemon?

With this change, it feels like some word is missing
